well now we are going to make the official delivery of food to all
children of the state council shouted at him to do it
this Saturday
with all your friends
bullock managed the two armed men
galmarini matías benítez from madrid
as a close of rctv
I feel very proud
angel
we hope that thanks to your great effort of this work
the camp
because the intervenor
the hostel invented the boys and girls perform more in the Indian express studio
will take place in vigo has had the opportunity to attack
test of the couple
the bell in the first places in the kajaki district
the mayor's office to emilio guevara
yahir the whole cycle
as an attempt in second to d'addario arrive orlando palace in third degree
not out
this
ten
rosemary has advanced that they will be first place for it participate departmental
union and in 40 degrees josé antonio the painter has given the room
p
we wanted
duration
the boy
the example the words of thanks to all
the time of the call of the first place in sales the respective thanks to the support
the program yesterday the offer because the children will be held at
nine in the morning
and the snack at the back post they perform more well and we listen
presence and young talents
The lawyer of one of the children can explain to him what the
donation from 2000 quintal sugar 7digital said the garros stylist apart
of this fact four cd boxes of instant soups
in two stretches of daisies
I also have a box of cookies, but milk power is also added
and in addition to 600 they were apart of this the electoral closing cne we have a
surprise
well we know we sentenced the need
d the doors in the country
because practically late
our friends this one realized this and you can fight
deliver officially donated 150 thousand dollars so that
can build strength
the month of January can only be administered
April 20, 2009 on the thousand and one and the euros and a game volume
varied
take the door
so that our friends and people realize that if right is done right
the subdelegado of the government
and not only in the morning
we can not start flying towards them they were on the internet
in real terms of children
and we all know very well
immediately
not in vain in 'survivors 2011'
we are used to these moments
and then really thank you I gave them another police officer stopped the
guaraní while inside until food because I really did not have
tied and without incident really is not another because really what concerns
Florentine takes away that we must also make the changes that also
different family homes
those interested may opt for alternatives that do the same
radiations
and the services also peralta
we have to use a lot in good health
the company
back doors pure sale
carlos baldárrago gran canaria are among the ten million lempiras
we also have one
it was not until they want to monopolize
good forward
Malaga that killed the person who had our call
well in new york pakistan
brad miller the chinita in the immigrant emilia quan moreno the bandit cover and
according to the note
the only way to end humanity
but they failed
very well
also united states is very happy to access the network
that's
we can win here we had once again a thank you
on the other hand the senator
but that desire with all my heart
i her seriousness food for all children thank you and we can not
find another opportunity
the workplace
this the battle
with her boyfriend
efe